add sql statement about pump and drainer (#2945)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-drainer-status.md

---
title: SHOW DRAINER STATUS
summary: An overview of the usage of SHOW DRAINER STATUS for the TiDB database.
category: reference
---

# SHOW DRAINER STATUS

> `SHOW DRAINER STATUS` statements displays the status information for all Drainers in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SHOW DRAINER STATUS` statement displays the status information for all Drainer nodes in the cluster.
```
